Are there related initiatives in ING? If yes, how does your idea differ from it/them?
In Spain we have a live chat that is like a call but by text and it's longer than a call. An asynchronous chat for only two products. And Whatsapp for Mortgages management.

But we believe that SmartChat can rule them all and go much further

Can be initiated by the customer or the agent.
Is private and proprietary.
Shows the history to a new agent.
Allows multiple queries at a time.
Allows to reopen chats.
Allows sending interactive material.
Automatically answer the customer.
Allows a query to go through departments: call center, quality, operations, etc.
Creates commercial offer adapted to the customer.
 

Who are the dominant players in your particular sector? What are their competitive advantages or disadvantages
Apple and orange have some of the best chat services we've tried

Apple has a support chat.
Their agents can hardly do anything and they redirect you to the phone.
It is live, slower than a call.
If something fails, you have to start again from zero.

Orange uses whatsapp
One chat for bot and agents
Two complaints make it chaotic
If time goes by they change your agent, so you have to repeat all
The history review is complex
The agents do not have many capabilities like apple
Insecurity when giving data and documents as a third party provides a platform.

State your unique selling point compared to your competitors that would make your customer segment adopt your idea.
We can use this chat with iris and maggie, which will enter 4 countries in parallel and can help agents to better solve problems during the transition of each country to maggie. It will use twilio so any other country could use it.

But mainly to eliminate our current main customer pains

Disinformation of the operator to attend the client in a personalized way.
Answer "that's the way it is, that's how the service works”.
Long waiting times.
Have to change departments.
Have to call a second time to explain everything from scratch.
Validate operations through different channels.