What are the main costs of developing and operating your idea?
A squad in less than 6 months can put into production a simple asynchronous chat with queries track record.

6 Months MVP 
1 Full stack developer 
1 Front end developer 
2 back end developers 
1 Dev ops - Part time 
PO/Scrum master

Once this MVP service is done we can go adding the rest of functionalities

Automatic responses at the time of falls
Bi-directional file sending
Automatic responses by content
Contents catalogue
Catalog of previous answers
Integration with validations and authorizations
AI
Others ordered by the customers or the product itself
Could we get customers to help each other?
What are your main sources of income?
The main source of income is cost savings:

Agents can get information without having to keep the customer waiting.
Sending documents eliminates a lot of time.
Validations without having the agent waiting.
Autoresponders in drop-offs and common issues.
Integration between departments without bureaucracy.
Catalog of answers and interactive material saves time explaining it.
Saving time by filling in the gaps
Simplifies Call Center planning
Conversation analysis will generate more income from the commercial offers after finishing a communication.

Simulations

0% SmartChat10% SmartChat

30% SmartChat

Reducing the time used saves up to 25%



Interactive graph to be able to modify the values ​​and see the result in real time

https://my.ing.net/personal/ad_ik22lf/Documents/smartchat/chart.html

Which proof would you bring to justify that your customer segment is ready to adopt your idea (readiness to pay for that product).
Surveys told us that customers under 30's would always choose the chat. Up to 50 would chat except for emergencies. Over 70 would call

We estimate that every year it will go up, not only because individuals will accept it more but because in 10 years the group that always prefers the chat will be the majority, and the majority of clients that interest us will be in that range.

Main gains

To be able to send a query at any time or place
Avoid active waiting
Reduce the total time spent
Send documentation easily and securely
Validate operations
To be able to reopen a query
Avoid having to repeat the same thing in each call
Receive interactive material
To be able to recover queries from history
Eliminate accessibility barriers